Remove Netlify adapter from core (#8574)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/netlify/README.md

# @astrojs/netlify

> The Netlify adapter has a new home in its [own repository](https://github.com/withastro/netlify-adapter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Netlify adapter package has moved. Please see [the new repository for the Netlify adapter](https://github.com/withastro/netlify-adapter).
```
Just making link text as explicit as possible!
